DOC/TA-707: Document how to remove navigation if an uninstalled addon (#226)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Administration.rst

-  Click Add Site to add a new site. See :ref:`Creating a new site <CreatingNewSite>`
   for details.
   
   
.. _RemovingApp:   
   
============================================
Removing an application from eXo Platform 
============================================

When installing an :ref:`addon <eXo_addons>` in eXo Platform, an application appears in the platform's navigation
and it could be added to spaces applications list.

> When :ref:`unistalling the addon <AddonsManagement.Uninstalling>`, it's corresponding navigation remains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When :ref:`unistalling the addon <AddonsManagement.Uninstalling>`, its corresponding navigation remains
```

in the platform.

To completely remove it, follow these steps:

> 1-  Switch to site's edit mode by clicking on Edit -> Site -> Edit Navigation

Reviewer 2: We need to indicate that for eXo platform 6.0, we need to install exo-layout-management to be able to edit site layout/navigation

Author: OK

Author: done

    |TA1|
    
    ==> The site's navigation appears
    
    |TA2|
    
2-  Right click on the corresponding application's navigation i.e. the navigation of the unistalled addon

3-  Click on ``Delete Node`` button and then the confirmation button.

    |TA3|       
    

> If the addon belongs to a space's applications list, these are the needed steps and which could be done by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application was installed in a space, below are the required steps to be done by the 
```

> space's owner or a spaces manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
space owner or any space manager:
```

> 1-  Go to Space settings |TA4| then to Navigation tab 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1-  Go to Space Settings |TA4| then to Navigation tab 
```
